README.md, before:

# Moview Reviews Web Page
This is a small project built in **Python 2.7.10** that is meant to display _my skills_ in _Python2_, as well as what some of my favorite movie trailers are. Eventually I would like to add some of my favorite TV shows also. **Winter is Coming!!!**

## Installation
1. Python 2.7.10 is needed to run the back end of this simple web app
2. Installation instructions are as follows: 
    * If you are running _MacOS_ Python is already included!
    * **Windows Users** should [Click Here](https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Download) to download and Install Python2.
    
## External Docs & Additional Information
* New users to **Python 2.7.10** should consult the **Python Standard Library** for additional information which can be found [here](https://www.python.org/).

## Issues & Future Functionality
1. The Parent Class is defined as `Video()` inside of the `media` module. The `Video()` Class is defined to support **TV Shows** in the future as only the `Movie()` Class  has been implemented. I expect to have this additional feature implemented soon.
2. Another feature I would like to add is a **Star Rating** to let visitors to the site rate the trailers that I like.
3. Finally, I would also like to add a **Comment Box** for each trailer displayed.
4. _Bugs_? Time is precious! I hope to implement these features by the end of Summer 2017...

## License
The content of this repository is licensed under a [**GNU General Public License v3.0**](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)

Commit message:

Updated ReadMe.md to include running instructions

README.md, after:

# Moview Reviews Web Page
This is a small project built in **Python 2.7.10** that is meant to display _my skills_ in _Python2_, as well as what some of my favorite movie trailers are. Eventually I would like to add some of my favorite TV shows also. **Winter is Coming!!!**

## Installation
1. Python 2.7.10 is needed to run the back end of this simple web app
2. Installation instructions are as follows: 
    * If you are running _MacOS_ Python is already included!
    * **Windows Users** should [Click Here](https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Download) to download and Install Python2.
    
## External Docs & Additional Information
* New users to **Python 2.7.10** should consult the **Python Standard Library** for additional information which can be found [here](https://www.python.org/).

## Running the Webpage
1. From IDLE
	* Open the file **entertainment_center.py** and run the program from Python
2. From the Command Line
	* Navigate to the working directory where you have cloned the project:
	```
	cd ~/WorkingDirectory/ 
	bash:$ python entertainment_center.py
	```

## Issues & Future Functionality
1. The Parent Class is defined as `Video()` inside of the `media` module. The `Video()` Class is defined to support **TV Shows** in the future as only the `Movie()` Class  has been implemented. I expect to have this additional feature implemented soon.
2. Another feature I would like to add is a **Star Rating** to let visitors to the site rate the trailers that I like.
3. Finally, I would also like to add a **Comment Box** for each trailer displayed.
4. _Bugs_? Time is precious! I hope to implement these features by the end of Summer 2017...

## License
The content of this repository is licensed under a [**GNU General Public License v3.0**](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)
